---
layout: post
title:  "Employee Newsletter April 27th 2020"
date:   2020-04-27
categories: employee update
---

### Thank You on Behalf of Geodata IT

We want to thank you for your dedication and flexibility during these trying times.  We wouldn’t be where we are as a company without your talents and commitment.  Please be on the look out for a small token of our appreciation in the mail if you haven’t already received it.  

### T-REX BYTES

Check out the first episode of T-REX BYTES via the link below.  Justin Bennett, CEO of Geodata IT, and other leaders in the geospatial innovation community discuss COVID-19 and its impacts on the geospatial momentum within the St. Louis region.  T-REX BYTES is a podcast that provides insight to what’s going on within the T-REX start up community.  

 <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kh8rjJUTVa8&t=34s"> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kh8rjJUTVa8&t=34s </a> 

### The Employee Virtual Happy Hour Was a Success!

The April 9th virtual happy hour was well attended with participation of 19 team members from the Geodata IT and FCG teams.  We’re planning future events to ensure that we’re staying connected.  Please let us know your ideas for the next virtual team event.  We’d love to hear from you.

### Freedom Consulting Group (FCG) Employee Newsletters

In order for the Geodata IT and FCG teams to get to know each other better, Geodata IT employees will begin receiving FCG’s monthly newsletters.  The monthly newsletters will share information about what our FCG extended family is up to and will give them insights to Geodata IT news.  Please be on the look out for the next edition soon!

### Certification Updates

It’s that time of year to ensure that we have the latest info on your certifications.  Ana Junge will be sending an email to each of you later this week for feedback on your certifications to ensure that our records are up to date.
